docs: explain SSL certificate chain format (#380)
dashpay/docs: docs/user/masternodes/setup-evonode.rst

   certificate files to your server. `SSL Dragon <https://www.ssldragon.com/>`_ and `SuperbitHost
   <https://www.superbithost.com/ssl-certificates/>`_ are two options that accept cryptocurrency.

   Please make sure that a certificate chain file contains your server certificate at the top and
   intermediate/root certificates if present. Usually, you need to concatenate the certificate file and

>    bundle if present.

Reviewer: Re: "usually you need to concatenate ..."
Do you think we should show an example of how to do this? I'm not very familiar with this cert stuff, so I don't know if most people will understand or not.

Author: Not sure what example you want to give? How do we concatenate two files in case if user receives it separately?

Reviewer: If you think it is clear as-is, we can go with it and update later if we get questions.

Author: If it's not clear for you then we probably need to give more information. What exactly is not clear for you?

Reviewer: Oh, do they just need to do smth like `cat file1 file2 > combined_file` to actually concatenate the files. Or is there a specific ssl / cert related command?

Author: Yes, just like that: `cat certificate.crt bundle.crt > full_chain.crt`

>    Please make sure that a certificate chain file contains your server certificate at the top and
>    intermediate/root certificates if present. Usually, you need to concatenate the certificate file and
>    bundle if present.

Reviewer: @shumkov does this look okay to you?
```suggestion
   Please make sure that the certificate chain file contains your server certificate at the top and
   intermediate/root certificates if present. If a bundle file is present, you need to concatenate it
   with the certificate file::
   
    cat certificate.crt bundle.crt > full_chain.crt
```
